K8SPXC-793 mention jq logs parsing (#1045)
percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator: source/debug.rst

   used with the corresponding Percona XtraDB Cluster Pod. Therefore collected
   logs can be found in ``DATADIR`` (``var/lib/mysql/``).

> .. note:: You can increase human-friendliness of the visual representation of logs with `jq JSON processor <https://stedolan.github.io/jq/>`_ as follows:  ``kubectl logs cluster1-pxc-1 -c logs -f | jq -R 'fromjson?'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: You can have human friendly output of the logs with `jq JSON processor <https://stedolan.github.io/jq/>`_ as follows:  ``kubectl logs cluster1-pxc-1 -c logs -f | jq -R 'fromjson?'``.
```

Reviewer: lets simplify a bit?
